all right Dante's box a nation I'm over
here with bears Batista congratulations
man you just got signed with Lloyd Jones
go ahead and talk about that man yeah
you know I really joins a great guy one
great books of all time so you know it's
a great wonderful meter to be signed
with me but you know he's a fantastic
guy calls me up all the time talking
about something that is very humble and
so fun no me and him we talked we were a
big vision for you you know it's baby
steps you know the cops go too crazy so
you know we have a big big clown for me
and I'm very excited I've always dreamed
of soil florida and now i'm going to be
fine in his hometown in his big early on
his undercard one is on the car I mean
you grew up watching him right now you
fight another under his banner right
idolizing Roy Jones you know anything
you know he won best all time and you
know I don't even know how many boat as
he was lost a long time ago yeah he's
just own believable person as well you
know where to go him personally I was
very surprised you know in a wise
personality was gonna be like but
unbelievably boom bow down to us you
know he wished my father happy birthday
he knew my sister's birthday happy
birthday to you know is a really
powerful family and you know that's been
a big blessing for me an account wave to
you know go out there this week and you
know / no great performances you know to
shoe repair the best he showed me yeah
yeah that's cool man like i said you got
a fight coming up this week go ahead and
let everybody know what's your record
but right now it's at my professional
debut no Royce Roy is believed to me you
see me spa he seemed nice powered some
guys much higher than much higher level
than me I've done very well and he said
hearts for the willingness to learn and
you know I'm trained by doing pupils
excellent trainer as well here in Vegas
there it is my strength conditioning and
Roy joint sauce give me tips to you know
and it's just you know it's the first
fight I'm you know I follow things you
know my personal story with the powers
with braces among all the suicide stuff
you know it was on CNN and stuff to
persuade so yeah a lot of people are
like wondering you know can he fight is
equal to half a fire I need a we know my
close up being tested by some of the
meanest guy yeah you know it's big talk
but I've always you know do is always
said I'm proud of you from today or you
should scale or whatever so I can't wait
to now no longer keep that secret to
show the world and you don't look at
hump icon don't call me the lady gaga
guy because of my fam patient because of
the story I music and all that so and I
see you had over here you got the fence
a little hat yeah actually my glasses
out oh yeah you call me in a bad day oh
yeah yeah I normally have my glitter
glasses and everything else answers and
you know it's crazy this my project user
lady gaga's birthday 29 which is crazy
as that you know less than five years
ago for music saved my life now we'll
find Roy Jones jr. when we are a small
times Monica on her portrayed in a big
ten thousand arena you know I love
isolate Theseus can be unbelievable so
don't be grateful you know I'm very
humbled and grateful I know a lot of
people in boxing up a surprise no
offense buddy come from and all this we
know I've been working very hard for
years but if you're always put it out
there working hard pain my goose know
some days are excellent in the gym some
days are very tough in the gym other pay
my dues you know blood sweat tears you
know it's just boxing and a lot of
people don't know that so you know I
just want people to be trying very hard
for this I'm looking forward to you know
this opportunity and making all the
little monsters per hour making lady
gaga problem my family back home you
know my brother my dad might give
everybody my mother my sister you know
everybody on a high for a lot face I
don't fight for more than anything it's
it's I want to represent offer different
different hope you know I want to
represent and and you guys can check out
this interview that he had on CNN it was
like over 110 million views 220 220
million 220 million yeah yeah that's
that's big check that bit at that
interview out guys so now let me go
ahead and ask you about some of the
biggest boxer news of course may second
yeah Mayweather versus Manny Pacquiao
how do you see that fight plan outfit
you know I said it's a great great fight
I mean I think me with is an excellent
fighter
mirror this speeds go your intelligence
and on fire so it's gonna be poop i
think i think maybe what it's gonna do
it is too small you know it's very long
enjoyed listening training actually my
teammate up shot inside with him as well
so you know you're really boxing club is
a good good gym as well and as we see
him tree and you know it's I think it's
gonna be a picture from being up and
they're so fun yeah yeah I've been
watching them sporran train you know
along with you as we didn't seen him
hurt some small partners that you did
you see him were you here on the basis I
heard that you apply a few yeah at some
big names these are some big names well
it looks determined he was very very you
know the camera today so you know let's
go system now immediate he's like that's
what's happening you guys know but you
so great so you know I mean this means a
lot to him yourself thanks will be
interesting to see but i think you know
50 used to be to fight okay me wrong
stop would be a easy five hear ya you
know it's what the fans want to see and
then you know what super fridays he
cares about what the funds one and you
know this is a phi you gotta really lost
let's go he did it with a canal
everybody says only one academic life
now he's doing this one as well and I
think it's gotta come on because it were
mostly true people said he was afraid of
Mosley he thought mosey so all right man
well thanks for your time man go ahead
and give everyone use the social media
the outlets and everything social media
is a festivities know
PSP is th on facebook is number 12 on me
in one of our if them on occasion as
well you know the lady gaga you know I
guess no one epoxy I make a pretty good
on you know i'll be working very hard
shake my pleasure you know god willing
they'll be a good good day on Sunday
night thank you for your time man
respite is the guys